Some typos and grammatical errors (#2065)
dipy/dipy: doc/api_changes.rst

- All available actors are in ``dipy.viz.actor`` instead of ``dipy.fvtk.actor``.
- UI elements are available in ``dipy.viz.ui``.

> ``dipy.viz`` depends on the FURY package. To get learn about FURY, go to https://fury.gl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``dipy.viz`` depends on the FURY package. To learn more about FURY, go to https://fury.gl
```

> ``dipy.viz`` depends on the FURY package. To get more pieces of information about FURY, go to https://fury.gl

Reviewer: How about this instead?

```suggestion
``dipy.viz`` depends on the FURY package. To learn more about FURY, go to https://fury.gl
```

Author: Yeah! That's even better

``dipy.io.trackvis`` module is deprecated. Use ``dipy.io.streamline`` instead. Furthermore,
``load_trk`` and ``save_trk`` from ``dipy.io.streamline`` is highly recommended for managing streamlines.
When you create streamlines, you should use ``from dipy.tracking.streamlines import Streamlines``. This new

> the object uses much less memory and it is easier to process.

Reviewer: Please revert this change:

```suggestion
object uses much less memory and it is easier to process.
```

Author: Thanks for pointing out.
Even I don't remember why did I put 'the' here when it made no sense

** New visualization module**

``fvtk.slicer`` input parameters have changed. Now the slicer function is
more powerful and supports RGB images too. See tutorial ``viz_slice.py`` for
more information.

**Interpolation**
The default behavior of the function `core.sphere.interp_rbf` has changed.

> The default smoothing parameter is now set to 0.1 (previously 0). Besides,

Reviewer: Please revert:

```suggestion
The default smoothing parameter is now set to 0.1 (previously 0). In addition,
```

Author: Sure
